= rshoeboxed

* http://github.com/bcurren/rshoeboxed

== DESCRIPTION:

Ruby wrapper for the Shoeboxed API.

== SYNOPSIS:

=== Generate authentication url

Use the following code to generate a url to send a user to to authenticate. The first parameter is the
AppName provided by shoeboxed. Shoeboxed will redirect back to the return url once a user successfully
authenticates. When the user is redirected back to the return_url, a token will be provided in the url
for you to store for future API calls.

  RShoeboxed::Connection.authentication_url("Outright", "http://example.com")

=== Get a list of all receipts

The api_token is provided by shoeboxed when you setup your API account. The user_token is retrieved by
sending a user to authentication_url so they can log in to shoeboxed. On success, they will be redirected
to the return_url with the user_token.

   connection = RShoeboxed::Connection.new("api_token", "user_token")
   receipts = connection.get_receipt_call(Date.new(2008, 1, 1), Date.new(2008, 12, 29))

=== Get a particular receipt

  connection = RShoeboxed::Connection.new("api_token", "user_token")
  receipt = connection.get_category_info_call("2342442424")

=== Get a list of all categories

  connection = RShoeboxed::Connection.new("api_token", "user_token")
  categories = connection.get_category_call

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install bcurren_rshoeboxed

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Ben Curren

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
